[//]: # (@formatter:off)

# Basic Info

- This project is a refactor of docs/source_codes/huava-0.2.4
- The old project uses springboot 3, but the new project uses springboot 4.
- The old project uses java 21, but the new project uses java 25.
- The old project uses hutool 6, but the new project uses hutool 7.
- The new project uses mybatis-plus-boot-starter 3.5.15
- The new project uses lombok 1.18.42
- The new project should have a better design``.
- The new project should have 100% test coverage (except the ones that excluded in pom.xml). Use `mvn clean verify` to check.
- Reference these to achieve a better design and 100% test coverage:
  Markdown papers in docs/source_codes/ZhengYe/doc/md folder
  The docs/source_codes/geektime-todo project
  The docs/source_codes/moco project
- All the todo-list is in docs/todo-list.md, we do it one by one.
- Use English comments.

---

# Current requirements

Based on the Basic Info above, write unit tests to make `mvn clean verify` pass, don't change COVEREDRATIO in pom.xml, don't exclude any more classes in pom.xml, don't use h2 database.

When I run src/test/java/cn/huava/sys/controller/UserControllerTest.java,
it will logout after all tests,
it will eventually invoke src/main/java/cn/huava/sys/service/user/LogoutService.java's logout method.
but the refreshTokenPo is null.
why is that? because it has been saved in src/main/java/cn/huava/sys/service/user/LoginService.java when login.
don't change any code, just find out the reason why refreshTokenPo is null.